# ModelMeThisFootball
The code contains 11 classes and 1 main class. The classes in order should be person, footballer, goalkeeper, defender,midfielder ,striker (but for now these 4 classes are useless) , coach, referee, team, game and goal class. The Person class contains name and age which are used throug "inheritance" in the footballer, coach and referee. The footballer class contains name, age, the jersey number of the player and their height. There are soecific functions used to generate a random number for the age of the players (18-35 years), coach (30-40 years) and trainer (40-60 years), name for generating random jersey number for the players (0-100) and a number for the players height (1.60-2.0 m), there is also a function for the Team class for calculating the average age between the players. The Game class represents a football match and contains information about the teams, coaches, and goals given during the match. There are methods for adding goals and printing out the results of the game, later on the class Goal represents the goals given during the match. It contains information about the minute it was given and the player who gave it.In the main program the user has to implement the names of the teams, the trainers, the coach and after that the names of the 11 players of each team, meanwhile while they write the names the years, jersey numbers and heights  are createdd for the trainers and coach(only age) and the players. After that the game starts the program prints out information about each team, then the game starts (from 1 to 90 min) and there are random chances to score a goal (10%). When it reaches the 45 min mark it is declared as half time and after the end of the game the results are printed out, which team is the winner and also the name and age of the referee. There are also get and set functions in the classes and 7 helpful functions: List<FootballPlayer> GetTeamPlayers(string teamName) , void PrintTeamInfo(Team team) , string GetPlayerPosition(FootballPlayer player) , FootballPlayer GetRandomPlayer(Team team1, Team team2, Random random) , int GenerateRandomAge(int minAge, int maxAge) , int GenerateRandomNumber(int minNumber, int maxNumber) , double GenerateRandomHeight(double minHeight, double maxHeight). From the name you can tell what each function represents and does. Nect to the code it contains encapsulation, inheritance and dfining specific relations between the classess. Except for the 4 position classes for the players hte helpful function  private static string GetPlayerPosition(FootballPlayer player) only prints out Player for each footballer and I apologize but I couldn't give random positions to 4 random players.
